Simple Questions
---------------

List questions:

1. [What is the name and the UID of the administrator user?](#what-is-the-name-and-the-uid-of-the-administrator-user-)
1. [How to list all files, including hidden ones, in a directory?](#how-to-list-all-files-including-hidden-ones-in-a-directory-)
1. [What is the Unix/Linux command to remove a directory and its contents?](#)
1. [Which command will show you free/used memory? Does free memory exist on Linux?](#)
1. [How to search for the string "my konfi is the best" in files of a directory recursively?](#)
1. [How to connect to a remote server or what is SSH?](#)
1. [How to get all environment variables and how can you use them?](#)
1. [I get "command not found" when I run ifconfig -a. What can be wrong?](#)
1. [What happens if I type TAB-TAB?](#)
1. [What command will show the available disk space on the Unix/Linux system?](#)
1. [What commands do you know that can be used to check DNS records?](#)
1. [What Unix/Linux commands will alter a files ownership, files permissions?](#)
1. [What does chmod +x FILENAMEdo?](#)
1. [What does the permission 0750 on a file mean?](#)
1. [What does the permission 0750 on a directory mean?](#)
1. [How to add a new system user without login permissions?](#)
1. [How to add/remove a group from a user?](#)
1. [What is a bash alias?](#)
1. [How do you set the mail address of the root/a user?](#)
1. [What does CTRL-c do?](#)
1. [What is in /etc/services?](#)
1. [How to redirect STDOUT and STDERR in bash? (> /dev/null 2>&1)](#)
1. [What is the difference between UNIX and Linux](#)
1. [What is the difference between Telnet and SSH?](#)
1. [Explain the three load averages and what do they indicate. What command can be used to view the load averages?](#)
1. [Can you name a lower-case letter that is not a valid option for GNU ls?](#)

---

1. ##### What is the name and the UID of the administrator user? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to list all files, including hidden ones, in a directory? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What is the Unix/Linux command to remove a directory and its contents? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### Which command will show you free/used memory? Does free memory exist on Linux? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to search for the string "my konfi is the best" in files of a directory recursively? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to connect to a remote server or what is SSH? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to get all environment variables and how can you use them? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### I get "command not found" when I run ifconfig -a. What can be wrong? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What happens if I type TAB-TAB? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What command will show the available disk space on the Unix/Linux system? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What commands do you know that can be used to check DNS records? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What Unix/Linux commands will alter a files ownership, files permissions? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What does chmod +x FILENAMEdo? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What does the permission 0750 on a file mean? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What does the permission 0750 on a directory mean? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to add a new system user without login permissions? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to add/remove a group from a user? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What is a bash alias? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How do you set the mail address of the root/a user? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What does CTRL-c do? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What is in /etc/services? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### How to redirect STDOUT and STDERR in bash? (> /dev/null 2>&1) [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What is the difference between UNIX and Linux [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### What is the difference between Telnet and SSH? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### Explain the three load averages and what do they indicate. What command can be used to view the load averages? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

1. ##### Can you name a lower-case letter that is not a valid option for GNU ls? [&#10548;](#simple-questions)

